hello ladies and gentlemen welcome to
this and I've been trying all day to get
this fucking HD PVR to work this is this
is why right here that I'll never ever
play PC games or do anything related to
pcs ever again in my fucking life
because things just stopped working and
you have to do all these anyway fuck it
so I'm already in a shit mood so I
figured what better way let's play some
battlefield it's awesome medal of honor
and as you can see here there are zero
other service people playing in so let's
go sector control I don't know what that
is so I'm probably gonna get really
shitty so I'm already in a foul mood I
thought what better way then just place
a Medal of Honor Warfighter because
everyone thinks Oh everyone finds me
getting extremely annoyed very amusing
so I thought that this would be funny
now I'm gonna go out on a whim here and
I've played a lot of games in my 20
years on this planet but I've never
played a more inconsistently shit house
multiplayer than Medal of Honor it is
fucking terrible and this will prove it
to be why you got to sit look there's
labyrinth of menus that we're gonna have
to go through like all I want to do is
play with my Australian dude and you got
to go in here and look at all these
weapons none of these change anything so
instance I'll show you I want to use
this okay thing and then it puts me back
here but I'm not finished with my gun
yet you idiot
look barrel assembly it doesn't change
anything any of the stats it just makes
it look different
I don't care waste of time that's the
same about everything else
alright so here we go I'm gonna get
really pissed off let's play spawn me in
front of a guy that's cool
you watch now that I'm recording it I'll
have the best game ever and I'll go like
a hundred and zero no you might like
because every other time I've attempted
to play this omec play this game nothing
but bullshit if every time this get rid
of spawn delays I hate them they do not
belong oh it's it's criminal there's so
many dead ends and weird map designs and
everyone camps all the fucking time
everyone camps you probably want to say
it as much in this game mode if you play
team deathmatch it's a complete random
what game mode you get when you fucking
live in Australian one oh if he killed
me oh wow I don't want to think about it
I was going postal come on Jesus when I
wasn't hitting him but it's a fucking
shotgun man what I think your shotgun
does it's a Spears shit everywhere oh
come on
look camping and when you buddy with a
random they have no fucking idea how to
give you ammo and stuff which is the
core concept of a fucking game but
anyway have a stun grenade oh my god
doesn't bounce off oh come on
fuck you you know I'm I can't say
anything I mean it spawns me right here
right in front of them good yeah a
fucking way
fucking over it I'm so fucked they're
all over me oh fuck you
look look how much bullets it took him
to kill me even I know that's bullshit I
should have been dead that's fucking
ridiculous ah man you see a different
gun oh really
suck a dick I hate that I heard the gun
balance there's no balance to this game
at all
see how did he not kill me Oh what I was
alone the corn are you kidding me oh my
god come on Oh
another great spawn another brilliance
born one two three four four of them
right there jesus fucking christ
how we want how the hell did we win that
hell Oh
anyway so very all I want to see more of
this please - leave a comment or a link
or a like or whatever the hell you guys
do until next time I'm out rate comment
and subscribe
avoir